Real-Time Food Delivery Platform

Design and build a scalable, resilient, and high-performance backend for a modern food delivery service. 
You ae required to use AI assistants as colloborative partners to brainstorm
ideas, evaluate trade-offs and generate code.

1.) Buisness Scenario 

A new startup, "SwiftEats", is launching a food delivery service is Maharashtra. 
Their success hinges on a backend platform that is not only functional but also exceptionally
reliable and fast, ensuring a seamless experience for customers, restaurants, and drivers.

2.) Core Buisness & Operational Requirements

Your system must solve the following buisness problems, meeting the specified performance and scale targets.

2.1 Reliable Order Processing at Scale
The System must be designed to handle a peak load of 500 orders per minute. 
The core order-taking capability should not be compromised by the unreliability of third-party
services. Mock the payment gateway logic.

2.2 High-Performance Menu & Restaurants Browse
Customers expect a fluid, snappy Browse experience. 
To achieve this, the P99 response time for fetching a restaurant's menu and its current status must be under 200ms,
even under heavy user load.

2.3 Real-Time Logistics and Analytics 
The platform must be designed to ingest a continuous strea of GPS location data from up to 10,000 concurrent drivers, 
each sending an update every 5 seconds (an anticipated 
peak load of 2,000 events/second). This data stream must be used to power a customer-facing feature showing the live location of their driver.

Note on Local Testing : While you design should target the scale above, your implementation will be validated on a local machine. 
you should include a data simulator that can 
generate a load of up to 50 drivers (10 events/sec) to demostrate functionality.

3.) Key Architectural Attributes

Your Design will be evaluated on its ability to meet these critical non-functional requirements : 
-> Scalability : The architecture must handle the specified peak loads. Different components of the system should be scalable independently.
-> Resilience : The system must be fault-tolerant. Failure in a non-critical component or dependency must not cause a cascading failure of the core platform.
-> Performance : The system must meet the defined response time targets for critical user-facing interactions.
-> Maintainability : The design should be modular to allow for parallet development and easy addition of new features.

4.) Architectural Considerations & Technology Landscape

To successfully build a system that meets the defined requirements, you will need to make deliberate architectural choices. 
Your Design is not limited to just your application code and a database. 
You are encouraged to research, evualuate and incorporate specialized infrastructure components where appropriate to address challenges 
related to resilience,performance and data distribution.

The choice of architectural pattern is yours, ranging from a well-designed Modular Monolith to a distributed Microservices Architecture. To support your design, you might
consider leveraging tools such as :
-> In-memory Caching Layers (e.g. , Redis, Memcached)
-> Message Queues (e.g. RabbitMQ, Apache ActiveMQ, AWS SQS)
-> Event Streaming Platforms (e.g. Apache Kafka, Apache Pulsar, AWS Kinesis)

The selection and justification of your overall architecture and supporting technologies are a critical part of your design task and must be detailed in your 
ARCHITECTURE.md document.

5.) Deliverables
Create a private Github repo

Kindly note the names of each of the expected files should be the same. 
The automated evualuation mechanism expects that those files names are accurate, if not 
then it will impact the final score.

Your submission will be a single private github repository containing the follwong : 
1.) Source Code : The complete, running source code, including any data simulators required for testing.
2.) README.md : A clear overview of the project and detailed, step-by-step instructions on how to build and run the entire system locally using the 
'docker-compose' file.
3.) PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md : Explaining the structure of the project and the purpose for each of the folder and key modules.
4.) ARCHITECTURE.md : 
	* This is the most important document. It must detail and justify your design.
	* An explanation of your chosen architectural pattern and why you selected it.
	* a diagram illustrating the components and their communication flows.
	* A Technology Justification 
	section explaining your choice of major technologies (e.g., from the landscape above, or alternatives) and why they were the best 
	fit for this problem.
	
5.) API-SPECIFICATION.yml : A clear specification for the APIs you designed (e.g. using OpenAPI/Swagger or Postmen collection)
	* The file name should be POSTMAN_COLLECTION.json in case of a postman collection.
	* the file name should be API-SPECIFICATION.md if it is a markdown file.
	* The file name should be API-SPECIFICATION.yml if it is an API specification file.
	
6.) docker-compose.yml : A single, working Docker compose file that starts all required components of your system for easy validation.

7.) CHAT_HISTORY.md : A summary document that chronicles your design journey with your AI assistant, highlighting key decision points and 
how you used AI to evaluate alternatives.

8.) Unit Tests & Coverage Report.

9.) Video : 
	An 8-10 min video explaining : 
	* Design, architecture and the different components and how they communicate with each other.
	* Explain the journey from initial brainstorming till the final implementation and conversation with the coding assistant.
	* Key decision and trade-offs.
	* Demo of the entire working of the application.
	* Test case coverage %
	* Upload the video on your one drive and share the access with the below members.
		Vishal.Palasgaonkar@talentica.com 
		OmPrakash.Pachoriya@talentica.com 
		
		
