3. Deliverables
Create a private GitHub repo and share with the below members:
•	dmistryTal
•	nileshmallick1606
•	Sachin-Salunke-Talentica

Kindly note the names of each of the expected files should be the same. The automated evaluation mechanism expects that those file names are accurate, if not then it will impact the final score.

Your submission will be a single private GitHub repository containing the following: 
1.	Source Code: The complete, running source code for the application.  

2.	README.md: A clear overview of the project and detailed instructions on how to set up the database and run the application and its background workers.

3.	PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md: Explaining the structure of the project and the purpose for each of the folder and key modules.

4.	WORKFLOW_DESIGN.md: A document explaining your implementation
o	State Machine Diagrams: Include simple diagrams (text-based is fine) for both the Order and Return workflow`s.
o	Database Schema: A diagram or description of your database tables, explaining the relationships and how you store the state history.

5.	API-SPECIFICATION.yml: A simple document or Postman collection defining the API endpoints you built.
o	The file name should be POSTMAN_COLLECTION.json in case of a postman collection.
o	The file name should be API-SPECIFICATION.md if it is a markdown file.
o	The file name should be API-SPECIFICATION.yml if it is an API sepecification file.

6.	docker-compose.yml: A single, working Docker Compose file that starts all required components of your system for easy validation.

7.	CHAT_HISTORY.md: A summary document that chronicles your design journey with your AI assistant, highlighting key decision points and how you used AI to evaluate alternatives.

8.	Unit Tests & Coverage Report.

9.	Video: An 8-10 min video explaining:
o	Design, architecture and the different components and how they communicate with each other.
o	Explain the journey from initial brainstorming till the final implementation and the conversation with the coding assistant.
o	Key decisions and trade-offs.
o	Demo of the entire working of the application.
o	Test case coverage %
o	Upload the video on your one drive and share the access with the below members:
1.	Dipen.mistry@talentica.com
2.	Nilesh.Mallick@talentica.com
3.	Sachin.Salunke@talentica.com
